[ADD] Contacts: Merge Contacts (#9952)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/essentials/contacts/merge.rst

==============
Merge contacts
==============

> Odoo's *Contacts* application allows user's to merge duplicate contacts,without losing any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo's *Contacts* application allows user's to merge duplicate contacts, without losing any
```

> Odoo's *Contacts* application allows user's to merge duplicate contacts, without losing any

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Odoo's *Contacts* application provides the ability to merge duplicate contacts, without losing any
```

Reviewer 2: It's been my understanding that we should avoid using the term "user" whenever possible. Hence, this suggestion.

Author: I think it is okay in this context; we just need to avoid using "user" in the sense of "the user then clicks..." etc.

> information in the process. This not only keeps the database organized, it prevents contacts from
> being contacted by more than one salesperson.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
information in the process. This keeps the database organized, and prevents contacts from
being contacted by more than one salesperson.
```
OPTIONAL: suggested way to make the sentence a *bit* more concise...

.. _contacts/merge-duplicate:

Merge duplicate contacts
========================

.. danger::
   Merging is an irreversible action. Do **not** merge contacts unless absolutely certain they
   should be combined.

Navigate to the :menuselection:`Contacts app`, and select the :icon:`oi-view-list`

> :guilabel:`(list)` icon. Select two or more duplicate contacts from the list, and tick the checkbox
> on the far left for the contacts to be merged. Then, click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Actions`
> icon, and select :guilabel:`Merge` from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`(list)` icon. Select two or more duplicate contacts from the list, and tick the checkbox
(on the far-left) for the contacts that should be merged. Then, click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Actions`
icon, and select :guilabel:`Merge` from the resulting drop-down menu.
```

.. image:: merge/merge-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The merge contacts option in the Contacts application.

This opens the :guilabel:`Merge` pop-up window. From here, review the details of the contacts before
confirming they should be merged. If any contacts in the list should **not** be merged, click the

> :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(delete)` icon at the far right of the contact.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(delete)` icon, located to the right of the contact.
```

.. tip::

>    Click the individual contact to open the record for that contact and view additional information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Click the individual contact to open the record for that contact, and view additional information.
```

.. image:: merge/merge-window.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The merge pop-up window in the Contacts application.

Click the :guilabel:`Destination Contact` field, and select an option from the drop-down list. This
field defaults to the contact record that was created first in the system.

> After confirming the information on the pop-up is correct, click :guilabel:`Merge Contacts`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After confirming the information on the pop-up window, click :guilabel:`Merge Contacts`.
```

Deduplicate contacts
====================

> After the merge is finished, it generates a pop-up window confirming it is complete. This pop-up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the merge is finished, a pop-up window appears confirming it is complete. This pop-up
```
Optional, just slightly more concise.

also contains a :guilabel:`Deduplicate the other Contacts` button. This feature searches for

> duplicated records based on selected criteria and merges them automatically, or after manual

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
duplicated records, based on selected criteria, and merges them automatically, or after manual
```

approval.

Click the :guilabel:`Deduplicate the other Contacts` button to open the :guilabel:`Deduplicate
Contacts` pop-up window.

Select one or more fields to be used in the search for duplicated records. Duplicated contacts can

> be searched based on the following criteria:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be searched, based on the following criteria:
```

- :guilabel:`Email`
- :guilabel:`Name`
- :guilabel:`Is Company`
- :guilabel:`VAT`
- :guilabel:`Parent Company`

.. note::
   If more than one field is selected, only records that have **all** fields in common are suggested
   as duplicates.

If necessary, select criteria to be used to exclude potential duplicates from the search. Potential

> duplicates can be excluded from the search based on the following criteria:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
duplicates can be excluded from the search, based on the following criteria:
```
